c:\users\tiffany\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Battleship\Battleship\bin\Debug\Battleship.exe.config
c:\users\tiffany\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Battleship\Battleship\obj\Debug\Battleship.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\tiffany\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Battleship\Battleship\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\tiffany\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Battleship\Battleship\obj\Debug\PlayVSComp.g.cs
c:\users\tiffany\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Battleship\Battleship\obj\Debug\ShipPlacement.g.cs
c:\users\tiffany\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Battleship\Battleship\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\tiffany\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Battleship\Battleship\obj\Debug\Battleship_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\tiffany\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Battleship\Battleship\obj\Debug\Battleship_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\tiffany\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Battleship\Battleship\bin\Debug\Battleship.exe
c:\users\tiffany\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Battleship\Battleship\bin\Debug\Battleship.pdb
c:\users\tiffany\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Battleship\Battleship\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\tiffany\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Battleship\Battleship\obj\Debug\PlayVSComp.baml
c:\users\tiffany\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Battleship\Battleship\obj\Debug\ShipPlacement.baml
c:\users\tiffany\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Battleship\Battleship\obj\Debug\Battleship.g.resources
c:\users\tiffany\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Battleship\Battleship\obj\Debug\Battleship.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\tiffany\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Battleship\Battleship\obj\Debug\Battleship.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\tiffany\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Battleship\Battleship\obj\Debug\Battleship.exe
c:\users\tiffany\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Battleship\Battleship\obj\Debug\Battleship.pdb
C:\Users\Tiffany\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Battleship\Battleship\obj\Debug\Setup.g.cs
C:\Users\Tiffany\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Battleship\Battleship\obj\Debug\Setup.baml
C:\Users\Alex\Downloads\BattleShips-master (1)\BattleShips-master\Battleship\bin\Debug\Battleship.exe.config
C:\Users\Alex\Downloads\BattleShips-master (1)\BattleShips-master\Battleship\obj\Debug\Battleship.exe
C:\Users\Alex\Downloads\BattleShips-master (1)\BattleShips-master\Battleship\obj\Debug\Battleship.pdb
C:\Users\Alex\Downloads\BattleShips-master (1)\BattleShips-master\Battleship\bin\Debug\Battleship.exe
C:\Users\Alex\Downloads\BattleShips-master (1)\BattleShips-master\Battleship\bin\Debug\Battleship.pdb
C:\Users\Alex\Downloads\BattleShips-master (1)\BattleShips-master\Battleship\obj\Debug\Battleship.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Alex\Downloads\BattleShips-master (1)\BattleShips-master\Battleship\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\Alex\Downloads\BattleShips-master (1)\BattleShips-master\Battleship\obj\Debug\PlayVSComp.g.cs
C:\Users\Alex\Downloads\BattleShips-master (1)\BattleShips-master\Battleship\obj\Debug\Setup.g.cs
C:\Users\Alex\Downloads\BattleShips-master (1)\BattleShips-master\Battleship\obj\Debug\ShipPlacement.g.cs
C:\Users\Alex\Downloads\BattleShips-master (1)\BattleShips-master\Battleship\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
C:\Users\Alex\Downloads\BattleShips-master (1)\BattleShips-master\Battleship\obj\Debug\Battleship_MarkupCompile.cache
C:\Users\Alex\Downloads\BattleShips-master (1)\BattleShips-master\Battleship\obj\Debug\Battleship_MarkupCompile.lref
C:\Users\Alex\Downloads\BattleShips-master (1)\BattleShips-master\Battleship\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
C:\Users\Alex\Downloads\BattleShips-master (1)\BattleShips-master\Battleship\obj\Debug\PlayVSComp.baml
C:\Users\Alex\Downloads\BattleShips-master (1)\BattleShips-master\Battleship\obj\Debug\Setup.baml
C:\Users\Alex\Downloads\BattleShips-master (1)\BattleShips-master\Battleship\obj\Debug\ShipPlacement.baml
C:\Users\Alex\Downloads\BattleShips-master (1)\BattleShips-master\Battleship\obj\Debug\Battleship.g.resources
C:\Users\Alex\Downloads\BattleShips-master (1)\BattleShips-master\Battleship\obj\Debug\Battleship.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\Alex\Downloads\BattleShips-master (1)\BattleShips-master\Battleship\obj\Debug\Battleship.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\Alex\Downloads\BattleShips-master (1)\BattleShips-master\Battleship\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\Alex\Downloads\BattleShips-master (1)\BattleShips-master\Battleship\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\Alex\Downloads\BattleShips-master (1)\BattleShips-master\Battleship\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\Alex\Downloads\BattleShips-master (1)\BattleShips-master\Battleship\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\Alex\Downloads\BattleShips-master (1)\BattleShips-master\Battleship\bin\Debug\MySql.Data.dll
C:\Users\Alex\Downloads\BattleShips-master (1)\BattleShips-master\Battleship\bin\Debug\MySql.Data.Entity.EF6.dll
C:\Users\Alex\Downloads\BattleShips-master (1)\BattleShips-master\Battleship\bin\Debug\ru\EntityFramework.resources.dll
C:\Users\Alex\Downloads\BattleShips-master (1)\BattleShips-master\Battleship\bin\Debug\battleship.mdf
C:\Users\Alex\Downloads\BattleShips-master (1)\BattleShips-master\Battleship\bin\Debug\battleship_log.ldf
C:\Users\Alex\Downloads\BattleShips-master (1)\BattleShips-master\Battleship\obj\Debug\Battleship_Content.g.cs
c:\Users\Alex\Downloads\BattleShips-master (1)\BattleShips\Battleship\bin\Debug\Battleship.exe.config
c:\Users\Alex\Downloads\BattleShips-master (1)\BattleShips\Battleship\obj\Debug\Battleship.exe
c:\Users\Alex\Downloads\BattleShips-master (1)\BattleShips\Battleship\obj\Debug\Battleship.pdb
c:\Users\Alex\Downloads\BattleShips-master (1)\BattleShips\Battleship\bin\Debug\battleship.mdf
c:\Users\Alex\Downloads\BattleShips-master (1)\BattleShips\Battleship\bin\Debug\battleship_log.ldf
c:\Users\Alex\Downloads\BattleShips-master (1)\BattleShips\Battleship\bin\Debug\Battleship.exe
c:\Users\Alex\Downloads\BattleShips-master (1)\BattleShips\Battleship\bin\Debug\Battleship.pdb
c:\Users\Alex\Downloads\BattleShips-master (1)\BattleShips\Battleship\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
c:\Users\Alex\Downloads\BattleShips-master (1)\BattleShips\Battleship\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\Users\Alex\Downloads\BattleShips-master (1)\BattleShips\Battleship\bin\Debug\MySql.Data.dll
c:\Users\Alex\Downloads\BattleShips-master (1)\BattleShips\Battleship\bin\Debug\MySql.Data.Entity.EF6.dll
c:\Users\Alex\Downloads\BattleShips-master (1)\BattleShips\Battleship\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
c:\Users\Alex\Downloads\BattleShips-master (1)\BattleShips\Battleship\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\Users\Alex\Downloads\BattleShips-master (1)\BattleShips\Battleship\bin\Debug\ru\EntityFramework.resources.dll
c:\Users\Alex\Downloads\BattleShips-master (1)\BattleShips\Battleship\obj\Debug\Battleship.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\Users\Alex\Downloads\BattleShips-master (1)\BattleShips\Battleship\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\Users\Alex\Downloads\BattleShips-master (1)\BattleShips\Battleship\obj\Debug\PlayVSComp.g.cs
c:\Users\Alex\Downloads\BattleShips-master (1)\BattleShips\Battleship\obj\Debug\Setup.g.cs
c:\Users\Alex\Downloads\BattleShips-master (1)\BattleShips\Battleship\obj\Debug\ShipPlacement.g.cs
c:\Users\Alex\Downloads\BattleShips-master (1)\BattleShips\Battleship\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\Users\Alex\Downloads\BattleShips-master (1)\BattleShips\Battleship\obj\Debug\Battleship_Content.g.cs
c:\Users\Alex\Downloads\BattleShips-master (1)\BattleShips\Battleship\obj\Debug\Battleship_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\Users\Alex\Downloads\BattleShips-master (1)\BattleShips\Battleship\obj\Debug\Battleship_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\Users\Alex\Downloads\BattleShips-master (1)\BattleShips\Battleship\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\Users\Alex\Downloads\BattleShips-master (1)\BattleShips\Battleship\obj\Debug\PlayVSComp.baml
c:\Users\Alex\Downloads\BattleShips-master (1)\BattleShips\Battleship\obj\Debug\Setup.baml
c:\Users\Alex\Downloads\BattleShips-master (1)\BattleShips\Battleship\obj\Debug\ShipPlacement.baml
c:\Users\Alex\Downloads\BattleShips-master (1)\BattleShips\Battleship\obj\Debug\Battleship.g.resources
c:\Users\Alex\Downloads\BattleShips-master (1)\BattleShips\Battleship\obj\Debug\Battleship.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\Users\Alex\Downloads\BattleShips-master (1)\BattleShips\Battleship\obj\Debug\Battleship.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
